Release 1.3 (#74)
nf-core/mhcquant: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

There are typically two types of tests that run:

### Lint Tests

> The nf-core has a [set of guidelines](http://nf-co.re/guidelines) which all pipelines must adhere to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nf-core has a [set of guidelines](https://nf-co.re/developers/guidelines) which all pipelines must adhere to.
```

Author: done
